== Background

0. This app is configured to optimize BDD development on Mac OS X.

1. Guard is wired in to watch specs and cukes; it will autorun tests as they are modified.

2. Growl will throw notifications regarding the test run results.

3. Guard is wired to watch important files that the application depends on; it will restart spork and pow when any of these files are modified.

4. Guard is wired to watch the gemfile; it will run bundler if the gemfile is modified.

5. This app uses pow for its development server.

6. This app uses Couchdb/Couchbase for its database. As such ActiveRecord is removed from the dependencies.

7. This app uses Rails v3.2

8. This app is built on Ruby v1.9.3. Using v1.9.3 is highly recommended as it is much faster than v1.9.2.

9. This app uses Rspec and Cucumber as its test frameworks.

== Getting Started

0. $ curl get.pow.cx | sh ## Install the pow server

1. git clone git@github.com:saghaulor/saghaulor.com.git ~/your_project_dir/your_project_name 

2. bundle --binstubs=./bundler_stubs

3. bundle exec guard ## Start running guard so that your environment is automated

3. ls -s ~/your_project_dir/your_project_name ## From inside ~/.pow/

4. open http://your_project_name.dev ## Opens the browser to your app

== Notes

0. JavaScript still requires implementation. Jasmine will be used for the JS test framework.

1. A browser driver has not been implemented yet. I am still deciding on whether to use Capybara or Selenium.

2. Presently couch_potato is the db driver. However, there is another called couchbase. I'm using couch_potato for now as it seems more robust.

3. This setup could be easily modified for Linux development. Use libnotify instead of growl, and use thin for your webserver instead of pow.
